
Ying-Ju Yu, Alan J.H. McGaughey, "Energy barriers for dipole moment flipping in PVDF-related ferroelectric polymers”, 
The Journal of Chemical Physics, 144(1), 014901

https://aip.scitation.org/doi/10.1063/1.4939152

This paper discuss the rotational energy barriers in ferroelectric PVDF-related polymers. 
A polymer is a long, chain-like molecule built from smaller components called monomers. 
Each of monomer is composed of different atoms:
Hydrogen, Fluorine, Carbon, and Chlorine in the ferroelectric PVDF-related polymers. For
example, a P(VDF-TrFE-CFE) polymer consists of three types of monomers: VDF, TrFE, and
CFE units. Each of them rotate differently under electric field application, and the rotational
energy barriers are the energy required for the monomers rotate. The smaller the rotational
energy barriers, the easier it is for the monomers to rotate, therefore, yields a better
Electrocaloric cooling performance.

This work explored the rotational energy barriers of PVDF-related polymers using nudge
elastic band method with molecular force field simulations. This computational scheme
developed in the work yields a significant shorter time as compared to expensive density
functional theory simulations, and the number of polymer chains that can be included is much
higher than in density functional theory simulations which only include a couple single
polymer chains. Her results provide important support for previously hypothesized
mechanisms related to phase transitions in the PVDF-related polymers: The monomers are
rotated sequentially; the big-sized monomer, such as CFE, would serve as pin-like to fix the
polymer chain at certain location; and the TrFE and CFE monomers also help expand the
polymer chain distances. Later two findings both enabled easier rotation of the smaller
monomers. Furthermore, a parametric studies on the chemical compositions of the P(VDFTrFE-CFE) polymers crystals 
is carried out which becomes a useful reference when synthesizing this polymer material.

This work is significant to the field in that she developed the computational
scheme of this polymer by combining relatively fast and inexpensive computations,
providing the details of the polymer rotational mechanism that cannot be wholly
observed in the experiments, and also provided the composition with lowest energy barrier
information which helped in synthesizing the polymer to maximum its cooling performance.



